feat(checkbox): checkbox required indicator added (#5025)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/Check/examples/Check.md

| Attribute | Applied to | Outcome |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `disabled` | `<input type="checkbox">` | Indicates that the element is unavailable and removes it from keyboard focus. **Required when input is disabled** |
> | `required` | `<input type="checkbox">` | Indicates that the element is required. |

Reviewer: This is a pre-existing thing, but these attrs can refer to the component class instead of the html element. the only place we need to mention the html element is below when we're documenting the component class.

```suggestion
| `disabled` | `.pf-c-check__input` | Indicates that the element is unavailable and removes it from keyboard focus. **Required when input is disabled** |
| `required` | `.pf-c-check__input` | Indicates that the element is required. |
```

### Usage
| Class | Applied to | Outcome |
| -- | -- | -- |
| `.pf-c-check` | `<div>`, `<label>` |  Initiates the check component. **Required**  |
| `.pf-c-check__input` | `<input type="checkbox">` |  Initiates a check input. **Required**  |
| `.pf-c-check__label` | `<label>`, `<span>` |  Initiates a label. **Required**  |
| `.pf-c-check__label-required` | `<span>` |  Initiates a required indicator. |
| `.pf-c-check__description` | `<span>` |  Initiates a check description. |
| `.pf-c-check__body` | `<span>` |  Initiates a check body. |
| `.pf-m-standalone` | `.pf-c-check` |  Modifies the check component for use with a standalone `<input type="checkbox">`. **Required when there is no label** |
| `.pf-m-disabled` | `.pf-c-check__label` |  Modifies the check component for the disabled state. **Required when input is disabled** |

> 

Reviewer: Looks like there are some extra lines at the end of this file. We should just have the one newline character at the end of the last word in the file like mentioned above.
